Hey, guys, what's up?
This was a marathon, and I welcome you to another detour on this course on Aruba and in this adorable
we are going to be talking about the M I l that is the Nhill object.
And I told you before that if you have knowledge about other programming language, then in most of
the other programming languages we used and you in place of Naiad.
But in Ruby we have the Nile, which is a kind of a special thing.
So Aneel is a special ruby object that is used to represent an empty or default value.
It also represent a falsey value, meaning that it behaves like false when used in a conditional statement,
which you are going to see in the future tutorial.
But for now, let me just show you that.
What this.
I is going to print out when you use the word sprint and be with it.
So let's just move on to admiral here and here, we are going to start on with, let's say, ports and
we are going to run ports and I'll just press outlets are and as you can see, that line space has been
added over here.
Let me just show it to you again.
If I just press all this here, you can see that it is a single line over here.
But if I just press.
What am I out?
Are you can see that Atlantis has been added because what ports do is that at alliance space, but Naomi's
got nothing.
So let's talk about the second one that is print and I press R plus R, and as you can see, nothing
happened.
No line space, nothing O'Haire.
Then be with NASA Press Cortazar and you can see that it printed an ad on the screen because as I told
you before that what you do is that we basically print whatever string is printed along with the quotation
marks.
So here it was printing something old with quotation marks on it from nothing it printed out and I add
in place of that.
So that is the difference for how thoughts and print works on with an object.
You are going to see a lot of this nial object in the future editorial as well when we will be using
conditional statements and when writing extensive kind of codes in Ruby.
So that's why I did this and I'll object introduction tutorial and the basic part.
So I hope you have understood this.
So I guess that's it for this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.